---
template: fragment
title: "2021"
slug: 2021-fragments
published: true
no: 2
---

<div class="fragment__item">
October 8, 2021

<b>The Organ Grinder (Der Leiermann)</b>

<p>
Over there beyond the village

Stands an old organ-grinder,

And with numb fingers

He plays as best he can
<br /><br />
Barefoot on the ice,

He totters here and there,

And his little plate

Is always empty.
<br /><br />
No one listens to him,

No one notices him,

And the dogs growl

Around the old man.
<br /><br />
And he just lets it happen,

As it will,

Plays, and his hurdy-gurdy

Is never still.
<br /><br />
Hey strange organ grinder,

Shall I go with you?

To the sound of my singing,

Would you play a tune?

<br />
—Wilhelm Müller & Franz Schubert

</p>
</div>

<div class="fragment__item">
July 13, 2021
<p>
and Rita?   
<i>et Rita?</i>

She's very intelligent dog. Take her..  
<i>c'est un chien très intellegent. Prends-la.</i>

You don't want her?  
<i>Vous ne la veux le pas?</i>

I want nothing.  
<i>Je ne veux rien</i>

Then stop breathing..  
<i>Puis arrête de respirer</i>

That's a good idea.  
<i>C'est un bonne idée</i>
...  
...  
have you stopped breathing?  
<i>vous ne respirez plus?</i>

<br />
—Valentine and The Judge, Three Colours: Red

</p>
</div>

<div class="fragment__item">
July 9, 2021<br/>
"Coffeeto Ergo Sum"  
I drink coffee therefore I exist
  
—Nino Ben Descartes
</div>

<div class="fragment__item">
July 2, 2021<br/>
Defining a programming language is not an easy task. Normally, languages are designed to improve certain aspects of other existing languages or to improve a certain task. Python was born to replace the ABC language. Java and its virtual machine were designed to run the same code everywhere without additional compilations. Erlang was created to improve telephony applications. We cannot expect these languages to be a particularly suitable solution for absolutely everything. Comparing two languages designed for different goals performing the same tasks is somehow biased. Think about Java. It has been around since 1995 and it can be found it large platforms that have nothing to do with its original purpose. And this could be one of the main reasons why many developers hate it. Nowadays developing an API REST in Java is convoluted when compared with any younger language. However, we forget how the Java Virtual Machine opened up a huge line of wonderful solutions such as Android Developers are reluctant to learn new languages. It requires an additional effort and you will feel miserable until you hit some proficiency. This makes developers criticize languages they are not familiar with.<br/>
—jmtirado

</div>

<div class="fragment__item">
June 20, 2021<br/>
We do not belong to those who have ideas only among books, when stimulated by books. It is our habit to think outdoors – walking, leaping, climbing, dancing, preferably on lonely mountains or near the sea where even the trails become thoughtful<br />
—Friedrich Nietzsche
</div>

<div class="fragment__item">
June 19, 2021<br/>
"Sit as little as possible; do not believe any idea that was not born in the open air and of free movement – in which the muscles do not also revel. All prejudices emanate from the bowels. – Sitting still (I said it once already) – is the real sin against the Holy Ghost"<br />
—Friedrich Nietzsche
</div>

<div class="fragment__item">
April 9, 2021</br>
"But in the end, one needs more courage to live than to kill itself"<br />
—Albert Camus, A Happy Death
</div>

<div class="fragment__item">
Avril 9, 2021<br/>
Pourquoi les gens veulent échanger la vie pour l'incertitude des choses après la mort? On dirait que la mort est plus raisonnable et convaincante que la vie, surtout si elle garantie par quelqu'un en qui ils ont confiance.

C'est comme un vieux proverbe, « l'éléphant devant l'œil est invisible, la fourmi à travers l'océan est visible »

Il ya une partie du roman d'Albert Camus, La Mort Heureuse, qui représente ce que je pense du récent attentant à la bombe ou de tout autre acte suicidaire.
« Il y a des jours où on voudrait être à sa place.
Mais des fois, il faut plus de courage pour vivre que pour se tuer »

</div>

<div class="fragment__item">
Februari 24, 2021<br/>
Setahun berlalu sejak virus Corona berganti nama menjadi Covid-19. Ahli bicara BNPB yang wajahnya tak pernah absen setahun terakhir mengabarkan berita kematian tampaknya sudah kelelahan dan menghentikan berita pers harian. Pemda DKI yang setiap dua minggu sekali rutin memperpanjang PSBB juga demikian. Indonesia hari ini adalah Indonesia yang tengah megap-megap berusaha menambal hutang teknis setahun terakhir, dengan perangai yang kurang lebih sama. Solusi lockdown sepertinya sudah hampir tak ada gunanya, adapun yang sejenisnya, mikro-lockdown dengan protokol kesehatan plus-plus pun pada akhirnya kita semua tahu itu lebih banyak wacananya
</div>
